README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

feat: Add initial project structure including core components, global styles, and assets.

README.md, after:

# Neural Nexus

A premium, futuristic landing page for an AI Gaming Studio, featuring high-end aesthetics, dither effects, and interactive elements.

## 🤖 Built with Antigravity & Gemini 3

This project serves as a demonstration of the capabilities of **Antigravity** working alongside **Gemini 3**. 

- **One Mega Prompt**: The core structure, design system, and components were generated from a single, comprehensive prompt.
- **Minimal Adjustments**: The entire project required **less than 10 follow-up adjustments**, primarily focused on specific features such as:
    - Generating the Social Media (OG) Image
    - Refining Light & Dark Mode theming
    - Minor visual tweaks

It showcases how rapid and high-quality development can be achieved with advanced AI agentic coding tools.

## Getting Started

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project.

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

## Tech Stack

- **Framework**: Next.js 15
- **Styling**: Tailwind CSS
- **Font**: Inter & JetBrains Mono
- **Theme**: next-themes (Dark/Light mode)
- **Icons**: Lucide React

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

(This is the only thing I did manually in this entire codebase, I let Antigravity handle everything else. when I say this I mean this paragraph.)
